get Atro. Boots +2 case all
get Atro. Chapeau +2 case all
get Atrophy Gloves +2 case all
get Atrophy Tabard +2 case all
get Atrophy Tights +2 case all
get Culminus case all
get Estq. Chappel +2 case all
get Estq. Ganthrt. +2 case all
get Estq. Houseaux +2 case all
get Estq. Sayon +2 case all
get Estqr. Fuseau +2 case all
get Ghastly Tathlum case all
get Ghostfyre Cape case all
get Hecate's Earring case all
get Jhakri Coronal +2 case all
get Jhakri Cuffs +2 case all
get Jhakri Pigaches +2 case all
get Jhakri Robe +2 case all
get Jhakri Slops +2 case all
get Regal Gem case all
get Sucellos's Cape case all
get Viti. Chapeau +1 case all
get Viti. Gloves +1 case all
get Viti. Tabard +1 case all
get Viti. Tights +1 case all
get Vitiation Boots +1 case all
